# A Knight's Tale

A tear mixes with the ashes on the ground.
I'd wipe it away were it not for the gauntlet on my hand.

I dislike being here, the marks of my failure as a knight all around me.
But I saw it every time I closed my eyes, when I slept and when I dreamed.
It called to me and I could ignore it no longer.

You couldn't call this pile of rubble a hut anymore.
Thatch roof long burned away, stone walls cracked and misshapen from all the heat.
An empty house in an unimportant town, were it not for what happened here.

I can still see where I fell after he pushed me away, a scuff in the ash and dirt floor, the only clean thing in this broken, dirty hovel.

"Sam..." His name hovers in the air, alone.

I can't find anything else to say.
How could I possibly say anything when he paid the ultimate price and I did not?
A roar echoes across the valley, so powerful it rattles my armour even from miles away.
By instinct I reach for my blade, my hand pausing halfway.

*What good will I do?
I have already failed once.*

A sob rings in my helmet.
I take it and tuck it safely under my arm, letting my tears flow unhindered.

"Sam..."
I try again, voice strained.
My tears seep into my mouth, the salt silencing me.
In the distance, another roar goes off and while my heart quivers, I find my words.

I grasp my sword and pull it free.
I place it point down against the ground, and kneel.

"Sam, I promise you, your sacrifice will not be in vain.
I will fight that beast and slay it, even if it takes my own life as well.
No one should have to do what you did."

I don't know how long I stayed kneeling there, my stillness ended by another roar.
I put my helmet on, reach for my sword, and again my hand stills.
But this time not from a lack of character.

*There is no way I can fell this beast as I am now.
It is too strong and I am not prepared.*

I grab, sheath my sword and pause.  
My breath swirls in the air, the ash fall distorted by something so instinctual.
I feel like I am being told something, but I cannot hear it.
I sigh, leave the hut.

My horse stands exactly where I left here, undisturbed by the demonic roars that shook the ground.
I brush her mane and look into her eyes that betray her nervousness.

"Good girl, I know it's scary out here.
Thanks for waiting," I smile.
"But we have one more stop to make."

I give a gentle tug on her reigns and together we shamble through the town.
Like the hut, it's not a town anymore.
Everything flammable is gone, turned to ash.
It twirls in the breeze, burning my eyes and marking my skin.
Everything stone is broken and melted, seared and clawed until it surrendered what lay behind.

Passing through the centre of the remains, I find the well.
It's lost its hood and the stone walls, but I can recognize a hole.
Even it is empty and dry.
The bucket lays useless at the bottom, no life left to give.
The tears massing on my face drip down my chin and tumble down.

*A small donation, but perhaps it will make a difference.*

Pulling Gwen along again, we head towards the remains of the church, its toppled steeple still smoking in the graveyard.

I stop and tie her to the gate outside, giving her mane a few calming brushes.
She nickers at me.

"Be a good girl and stay here."

I untie my sword from my belt and strap it to her saddle.
My helmet is placed on the gate beside her.

"God needs neither challenge or protection," I mutter my masters old adage to myself.

Sufficiently unarmed, I enter the church.
Unlike the rest of the town, it appears to have suffered far less.
Rainbow dust sits in piles beneath where decorative windows gleamed, but aside from the steeple outside, everything else is intact.

"The works of man may fall, but God remains."

I walk past the pews and head up to the alter.
Carefully, I rearrange the fallen candles and offerings, placing the bible back upon its stand.
Then, I kneel and pray.

"Lord, this house may be empty, but not of you.
It has been defiled by a destructive beast who sent you many of your children before their time.
One of those given to you is my squire, Sam, who was far more brave than I could ever hope to be.
I ask for permission to slay the beast in his name.
I also ask for the strength and wisdom to complete this task, as I lack the power to do it alone.
Praise be to you and all your glory.
In your name I pray, amen."

I wait a moment, hope for a sign that my prayer had been answered.
Receiving none, I get up to leave, only too feel like I had been hit in the head by a mace.
I fall, my armour crashing hard against the stone floor.

, I try and get up, my blood boiling at being taken advantage of in a place of worship.

"Coward, show yourself!"
I shout, as I push myself off the ground, kneeling once again.
My vision blurs in front of me as my head throbs.
Faces appear in the wood, stones and smoke.
Some chant, others scream, while the faceless wind whispers loudly in my ears.
The faces begin to merge together, growing brighter and more frightening.
The voices become louder and I shake as my senses are overwhelmed.
I shut my eyes and cover my ears, but it is of no help.

Just when I can take it no longer, everything stops.
Opening my eyes, I find a floating ball of light.

"Be not afraid, Gwilym. We wish you no harm."

"One of God's angels," I gasp.

"Angels, demons, spirits, Gods, brownies, elves.
We have been many things.
If being an angel brings you peace, then that is what we are."

"What?"

"Worry not, we offer aid to your cause."

"Oh thank you, I know I do not deserve this."

"It is not a question of what you do or do not deserve.
You recognized Sam's sacrifice and on his insistence, we agreed it must be rewarded."

"Oh..." A silent tear slides down my face and slips between the cracks of my sad smile. Salt stains my tongue.

"He does not blame you.
He asks that you do not mourn him.
Instead, ensure he is the last one to do as he did."

"How though?"

"There are trials ahead that will test and prepare you.
Then you will be transformed and able to fulfill your true quest."

"When do I begin?"

"Now," the angel booms, vanishing in a burst of light.

Dazed, with stars dancing in my eyes, I look around, hoping the angel left a clue for my next step.
I come up empty, only greeted by smoking stones and wood.
